CopyKoT project by K.Kostenkov

## Overview
The playable project consists of four main modules wrapped in assembly definitions and a bunch of supporting modules.

- __KingOfThieves.App__ - small module for the general logic.  
- __KingOfThieves.LevelMechanics__ - main module that defines the game scene logic. Depends on App.  
- __KingOfThieves.LevelViews__ - module that holds the game views of the Maze scene. Depends on LevelMechanics.  
- __KingOfThieves.UIViews__ - corresponding UI views. Depends on LevelMechanics.  

To initialise the game (Maze) scene 
1. DiBootstrapper registers classes in IoC system
2. LevelGameFlow initialises the maze and UI. Think of it's _Start()_ an entry point. 

Key events in the application are generated by LevelStateDispatcher class.


## Tactics
After some research I decided to use [2D-Platformer-Hunter](https://github.com/ta-david-yu/2D-Platformer-Hunter) as the source code for the movement controller.  
I had to extend some functionality (_2DEngine_ directory) and generally modify BasicMovementController2D -> BaseMovementController to make it know about start and end of game session. Although it's still bloated with code and doesn't look like a "base" class.

Then in the time available limit I've implemented all the basic requirements and a few of the optional ones.
My main idea was to use DI heavily and follow the MVP pattern, however sometimes models are omitten.

The separation of the LevelViews and UIViews modules from LevelMechanics is done to avoid coupling of view classes and application logic by architecture design.

Implementing IoC makes the logic testable. This is demonstrated in the Test assembly.

